README.md, before:

# PythonStandardAction

_A github action to be used across python projects in the byuawsfhtl organization_

As a lab, certain standards have been generally adopted, but have had a hard time being actually implemented. This action intends to fix that by acting like a linter, enforcing certain styles.

## Enforced Styles

1. Camel case is enforced on all function and variable name.

2. The use of __ or name mangling is disallowed.

3. Docstring argument definitions must not start with a capital letter and must not use a period at the end. To indicate additional information in a sentence like format, use semicolons to separate sections. The first letters of these sections can also not be capitalized.

4. Functions are required to have a docstring.

5. Function arguments must have a type annotation.

6. Function arguments may not use mutable items(list, set, dict) as defaults, as python handles defaults stupidly.

7. Functions must specify a return type.

## Adding action to your workflow

This action is best used in the same section as the meds action. Just add it as another step like the following.

```github
        steps:
            - name: Follow Python Standard
              uses: byuawsfhtl/PythonStandardAction@v1.0.2
```

## Excluding files from the check

This action uses a local file `.standardignore` to specify files and other items to not check.

To use this, create a file named `.standardignore` and put in file paths like you would for a `.gitignore` file. The following is an example of entries you could put in your file.

```cmd
**/.*

**/__pycache__
**/img
**/TempFile.py
```

The above entries in a `.standardignore` would have the checker skip over the folders/files that match the pattern, such as private folders, pychache folders, img folders, and the TempFile.py file. The standard checker will already ignore any file not is not a `.py` file, this just allows you to have it ignore general areas and specific ones.

## Excluding variables and functions from the check

Using the `.standardignore` file specified in the section above, specific function and variable names can be skipped over on the check.

The syntax to do so is the use of the `!` before the name of the variable/function to ignore.

For example
```cmd
!sleep_for_retry
```

The above example ignores the sleep_for_retry function when applying standards as the name is required as it is an overwrite of an outside modules functionality.

## Running locally so you don't have to wait on github actions
There isn't a way to do this yet

Commit message:

update read me with new class name standard

README.md, after:

# PythonStandardAction

_A github action to be used across python projects in the byuawsfhtl organization_

As a lab, certain standards have been generally adopted, but have had a hard time being actually implemented. This action intends to fix that by acting like a linter, enforcing certain styles.

## Enforced Styles

1. Camel case is enforced on all function and variable name.

2. The use of __ or name mangling is disallowed.

3. Docstring argument definitions must not start with a capital letter and must not use a period at the end. To indicate additional information in a sentence like format, use semicolons to separate sections. The first letters of these sections can also not be capitalized.

4. Functions are required to have a docstring.

5. Function arguments must have a type annotation.

6. Function arguments may not use mutable items(list, set, dict) as defaults, as python handles defaults stupidly.

7. Functions must specify a return type.

8. Class names must be in pascal case (ex. ExampleClass)

## Adding action to your workflow

This action is best used in the same section as the meds action. Just add it as another step like the following.

```github
        steps:
            - name: Follow Python Standard
              uses: byuawsfhtl/PythonStandardAction@v1.0.2
```

## Excluding files from the check

This action uses a local file `.standardignore` to specify files and other items to not check.

To use this, create a file named `.standardignore` and put in file paths like you would for a `.gitignore` file. The following is an example of entries you could put in your file.

```cmd
**/.*

**/__pycache__
**/img
**/TempFile.py
```

The above entries in a `.standardignore` would have the checker skip over the folders/files that match the pattern, such as private folders, pychache folders, img folders, and the TempFile.py file. The standard checker will already ignore any file not is not a `.py` file, this just allows you to have it ignore general areas and specific ones.

## Excluding variables and functions from the check

Using the `.standardignore` file specified in the section above, specific function and variable names can be skipped over on the check.

The syntax to do so is the use of the `!` before the name of the variable/function to ignore.

For example
```cmd
!sleep_for_retry
```

The above example ignores the sleep_for_retry function when applying standards as the name is required as it is an overwrite of an outside modules functionality.

## Running locally so you don't have to wait on github actions
There isn't a way to do this yet
